
A team of cavers are planning a training session in the Great Cave of Byte Mountains. The Great Cave is a system of n chambers linked by corridors. Each chamber is at a different level, starting with the Top Chamber at level 1, and reaching down to the Bottom Chamber at level n. The team of cavers decided that each of the cavers will explore a different route from Top Chamber to Bottom Chamber. That is, each caver will leave the Top Chamber by a different corridor, and each will enter the Bottom Chamber by a different corridor. The remaining corridors may be traversed by more than one caver. Also, the caver will always move down, i.e. the level of every consecutive chamber on a route should be lower than the previous one.
In order to finalize the plan, the team has one question left: Given the conditions above, how many cavers can participate in the training session?
Task
Write a program which:
1)reads the cave system description from the standard input (System.in),
2)computes the maximal number of cavers that may participate in training,
3)writes the result to the standard output (System.out).
Input
In the first line there is one integer n (2<=n<=200), equal to the number of chambers in the cave system. The chambers are numbered with integers from 1 to n in descending level order - the chamber of greater number is at a lower level than the chamber of the lower number. (Top Chamber has number 1, and Bottom Chamber has number n). In the following n-1 lines (i.e. lines 2,3,...,n) the descriptions of corridors leading from particular chambers are given. The (i+1)-th line contains numbers of chambers that are accessible by a corridor from the i-th chamber. (only lower chambers, i.e. chambers with numbers greater then i are mentioned). The first number in a line, m, 0<=m<=(n-i+1), is a number of corridors exiting the chamber being described. Then the following m integers are the numbers of the chambers the corridors are leading to.
Output
Your program should write one integer - the maximal number of cavers that can participate in the training session.
Example
Sample input:
12 4342 5 18
29 7
2 6 11 18
2 9 10
2 10 11 1 12
2 10 12 1 12
1 12
Sample output:
3
Graphical view of the cave system described by the sample input (Top Chamber: 1; Bottom Chamber: 12):
￼